Wallet Template for Framer Reimagine How You Interact With Bitcoin Reimagine How You Interact With Bitcoin From transactions to dapps — explore every corner of the Bitcoin universe with ease. From transactions to dapps — explore every corner of the Bitcoin universe with ease. Download for free Download for free Download for free Also available in browsers Also available in browsers Also available in browsers Your ultimate Bitcoin wallet, packed with features to simplify your crypto journey From advanced tools to seamless navigation, we’ve designed everything to elevate your Bitcoin experience. Download now Download now Push Notifications Stay on top of your activity with instant alerts for all transactions. Push Notifications Stay on top of your activity with instant alerts for all transactions. Effortless Transactions Send and receive Bitcoin instantly with a user-friendly interface. Effortless Transactions Send and receive Bitcoin instantly with a user-friendly interface. "I've been working on a new electronic cash system that's fully peer-to-peer, with no trusted third party. ” — Satoshi Nakomoto "I've been working on a new electronic cash system that's fully peer-to-peer, with no trusted third party. ” — Satoshi Nakomoto Real-Time Portfolio Insights Track your Bitcoin balance and transaction history with live updates. Real-Time Portfolio Insights Track your Bitcoin balance and transaction history with live updates. Explore, create, and trade seamlessly in the Bitcoin ecosystem. Mint and Secure SRC-20 Tokens Mint and Secure SRC-20 Tokens Trade, Collect, and Inscribe Ordinals Trade, Collect, and Inscribe Ordinals Purchase STX tokens to power L2 apps on Stacks. Purchase STX tokens to power L2 apps on Stacks. Your ultimate Bitcoin wallet, packed with features to simplify your crypto journey From advanced tools to seamless navigation, we’ve designed everything to elevate your Bitcoin experience. Download now Push Notifications Stay on top of your activity with instant alerts for all transactions. Effortless Transactions Send and receive Bitcoin instantly with a user-friendly interface. "I've been working on a new electronic cash system that's fully peer-to-peer, with no trusted third party. ” — Satoshi Nakomoto Real-Time Portfolio Insights Track your Bitcoin balance and transaction history with live updates. Explore, create, and trade seamlessly in the Bitcoin ecosystem. Mint and Secure SRC-20 Tokens Trade, Collect, and Inscribe Ordinals Purchase STX tokens to power L2 apps on Stacks. Security that lets you sleep easy Enable multi-signature functionality for high-value transactions to enhance protection against unauthorized access. Multi-sig Support Threat Monitoring Biometric Authentication Security that lets you sleep easy Enable multi-signature functionality for high-value transactions to enhance protection against unauthorized access. Multi-sig Support Threat Monitoring Biometric Authentication Security that lets you sleep easy Enable multi-signature functionality for high-value transactions to enhance protection against unauthorized access. Multi-sig Support Threat Monitoring Biometric Authentication Your comprehensive gateway to Bitcoin dapps and tools Your comprehensive gateway to Bitcoin dapps and tools Coolchange ARamp SwanSwap Ora Magic Eden Gamma From trading to gaming, unlock the full potential of over 20 integrated dapps, all in one secure place. Coolchange ARamp SwanSwap Ora Magic Eden Gamma From trading to gaming, unlock the full potential of over 20 integrated dapps, all in one secure place. Coolchange ARamp SwanSwap Ora Magic Eden Gamma From trading to gaming, unlock the full potential of over 20 integrated dapps, all in one secure place. Guides Support Remix for free Experience Bitcoin like never before with Wallet Get Wallet for free Also available in browsers Home Guides Support 404 Stay in touch Experience Bitcoin like never before with Wallet Get Wallet for free Also available in browsers Home Guides Support 404 Stay in touch Experience Bitcoin like never before with Wallet Get Wallet for free Also available in browsers Home Guides Support 404 Stay in touch Like this template? Remix